Reflective Narrative
Anthony Bill

	This semester for sure will be one to remember. Nothing like this has ever happened and probably will never really happen like this again. I honestly had high hopes for the 2nd half of this semester. The start of this semester was a bit rocky for me. I had been dealing with a number of health problems since November. They finally got resolved over spring break. Coming back for the 2nd half of the semester healthy was one huge thing I was looking forward to. The health problems took a massive toll on my social life and a slight toll on my academic and mental health as well. I guess its time to start looking more in depth at this semester as a whole.
	I came into ISAT 252 with a bit of excitement and a bit of dread. I knew that the class was all coding and I have never coded before. I knew a little bit about coding, mostly how tedious it was. I personally hate tedious things, so I was not looking forward to taking the class. Thankfully, the way Morgan presented the class I had hope. However, when he said we would be doing the majority of learning on our own I was a little discouraged not going to lie. I wanted to make sure I got something out of the class though. So, I made it a goal of mine to at least somewhat understand how coding works and operates. I wanted this to be a goal of mine because before the class I never really understood how it worked. Doing this was harder than I originally thought.
	To understand coding, I did not really use many online resources other than the ones that Morgan wanted us to use. I found that reading and trying to comprehend something I totally did not understand in the first place was not going to help me one bit. The main source of how I learned and what I decided to code came from one of my fraternity brothers I was close with. He sat down with me early in the semester and gave me the basics and how to maneuver and operate a terminal. He gave me some advice as to how to go about doing projects and gave me tips as to how to make my life easier when coding. The projects I completed was hello world for each of the languages, and I had a basic calculator in both java script and python. On average I probably spent around 40-60 hours outside of class in total working on coding and trying to understand it. I know the end results are not equivalent to the time put in but when I say I was very lost and confused for the majority of the time I truly was. 
	Measuring my success was very miniscule. I used small victories to measure my success in coding. Understanding how to navigate a terminal, understanding what a line of code does, fixing mistakes in code, and recognizing when I made a mistake before trying to run the code. Of course, The end products of the projects like hello world and the calculators are obvious indicators. But I did not really get a lot of projects done. 
	I feel like I failed in the majority of the goals I made for myself. I made myself more confused the more I seemed to code. For me at least, I simply got more confused the more complex the coding got. Coding is like learning a whole different language. And for me, I could not really grasp the language at all. I felt like I did not really understand the early coding ideas that when I moved on to bigger and better things, I just got extremely lost and confused. I learned that I needed to understand the basics before I would try new things that would just confuse the hell out of me. 
	I would not say that I feel more enlightened, but I do feel more educated. Coming into this I knew nothing about coding. But now I at least know how a terminal works and operates and also know how to write some basic code. I wouldn’t say I’m enlightened on the subject at all because I’m still very lost and confused the majority of the time when coding but I feel like I was able to get something out of the class as I know some stuff about coding now. 
	I can tell you right now that I do not like coding nor am I very good at it. I do not at all see myself doing this in the future simply because I cannot grasp how it works still to this day. I have learned that I do not learn in a digital format very well, so This change to all online classes has been a big struggle for me. This is partially why I do not have a ton of projects done as I felt like it would be more beneficial for me to focus more on the classes that are tailored toward my concentration.
	I think I deserve a solid B. I know I do not have a lot of projects completed but I truly put in a lot of time to try and understand how coding works. I feel as though I think my effort does not reflect what I was able to accomplish because I know I put in way too much time on those small projects.
